# SuperSlopes v4.0+ Block mapping
modname:SuperSlopes_Slopes
# configuration file
cfgfile:config/SuperSlopes_Slopes.cfg

# Wood slopes, corners
block:id=WoodSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=4,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Cobblestone slopes, corners
block:id=CobblestoneSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=16,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Glass slopes, corners
block:id=GlassSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=12049,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Sandstone slopes, corners
block:id=SandstoneSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=192,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Dirt slopes, corners
block:id=DirtSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=4=2,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Stone slopes, corners
block:id=StoneSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=1,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Sand slopes, corners
block:id=SandSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=18,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Snow slopes, corners
block:id=SnowSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=66,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Grass slopes, corners
block:id=GrassSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=11003,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Brick slopes, corners
block:id=BricksSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=7,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Gravel slopes, corners
block:id=GravelSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=19,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Gold slopes, corners
block:id=GoldSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=23,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Iron slopes, corners
block:id=IronSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=22,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Obsidian slopes, corners
block:id=ObsidianSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=37,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Diamond slopes, corners
block:id=DiamondSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=24,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# White wool slopes, corners
block:id=WhiteWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=64,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Black wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlackWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=113,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Red wool slopes, corners
block:id=RedWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=129,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Green wool slopes, corners
block:id=GreenWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=145,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Brown wool slopes, corners
block:id=BrownWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=161,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Blue wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlueWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=177,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Purple wool slopes, corners
block:id=PurpleWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=193,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Cyan wool slopes, corners
block:id=CyanWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=209,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# LightGray wool slopes, corners
block:id=LightGrayWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=225,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Gray wool slopes, corners
block:id=GrayWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=114,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Pink wool slopes, corners
block:id=PinkWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=130,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Lime wool slopes, corners
block:id=LimeWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=146,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Yellow wool slopes, corners
block:id=YellowWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=162,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Light blue wool slopes, corners
block:id=LightBlueWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=178,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Magenta wool slopes, corners
block:id=MagentaWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=194,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Orange wool slopes, corners
block:id=OrangeWoolSlopes,data=*,patch0-6=210,transparency=TRANSPARENT
