# SuperSlopes v4.0+ Block mapping
modname:SuperSlopes_IntCorners
# configuration file
cfgfile:config/SuperSlopes_IntCorners.cfg

# Wood slopes, corners
block:id=WoodIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=4,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Cobblestone slopes, corners
block:id=CobblestoneIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=16,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Glass slopes, corners
block:id=GlassIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=12049,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Sandstone slopes, corners
block:id=SandstoneIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=192,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Dirt slopes, corners
block:id=DirtIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=4=2,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Stone slopes, corners
block:id=StoneIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=1,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Sand slopes, corners
block:id=SandIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=18,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Snow slopes, corners
block:id=SnowIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=66,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Grass slopes, corners
block:id=GrassIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=11003,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Brick slopes, corners
block:id=BricksIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=7,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Gravel slopes, corners
block:id=GravelIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=19,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Gold slopes, corners
block:id=GoldIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=23,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Iron slopes, corners
block:id=IronIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=22,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Obsidian slopes, corners
block:id=ObsidianIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=37,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Diamond slopes, corners
block:id=DiamondIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=24,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# White wool slopes, corners
block:id=WhiteWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=64,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Black wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlackWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=113,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Red wool slopes, corners
block:id=RedWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=129,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Green wool slopes, corners
block:id=GreenWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=145,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Brown wool slopes, corners
block:id=BrownWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=161,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Blue wool slopes, corners
block:id=BlueWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=177,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Purple wool slopes, corners
block:id=PurpleWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=193,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Cyan wool slopes, corners
block:id=CyanWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=209,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# LightGray wool slopes, corners
block:id=LightGrayWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=225,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Gray wool slopes, corners
block:id=GrayWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=114,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Pink wool slopes, corners
block:id=PinkWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=130,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Lime wool slopes, corners
block:id=LimeWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=146,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Yellow wool slopes, corners
block:id=YellowWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=162,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Light blue wool slopes, corners
block:id=LightBlueWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=178,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Magenta wool slopes, corners
block:id=MagentaWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=194,transparency=TRANSPARENT
# Orange wool slopes, corners
block:id=OrangeWoolIntCorners,data=*,patch0-6=210,transparency=TRANSPARENT
