# Biomes O Plenty Block mapping
version:1.5.2-1.6.1
modname:BiomesOPlenty

var:biome_ids/Promised_Land_ID=0,biome_ids/Majestic_Meadow_(Promised_Land)_ID=0,biome_ids/Wonderous_Woods_(Promised_Land)_ID=0,biome_ids/Blessed_Bog_(Promised_Land)_ID=0
var:terrain_block_ids/Holy_Stone_ID=0,terrain_block_ids/Skystone_ID=0,biome_ids/Drylands_ID=0,biome_ids/Snowy_Woods_ID=0,biome_ids/Swampwoods_ID=0
# configuration file
cfgfile:config/BiomesOPlenty.cfg

# Files
texturepath:assets/biomesoplenty/textures/blocks/
texture:id=algae
texture:id=amethystblock
texture:id=amethystore
texture:id=anemone
texture:id=ashblock
texture:id=ashblock
texture:id=ashstone
texture:id=bamboo
texture:id=bamboothatching
texture:id=barley
texture:id=bigflowerred
texture:id=bigflowerstem_heart
texture:id=bigflowerstem_side
texture:id=bigfloweryellow
texture:id=bush
texture:id=cactus
texture:id=cattail
texture:id=cattailbottom
texture:id=cattailtop
texture:id=clover
texture:id=cragrock
texture:id=daisy
texture:id=deadbloom
texture:id=deadgrass
texture:id=desertgrass
texture:id=desertsprouts
texture:id=drieddirt
texture:id=dunegrass
texture:id=glowflower
texture:id=harddirt
texture:id=hardice
texture:id=hardsand
texture:id=highgrassbottom
texture:id=highgrasstop
texture:id=holygrass_side
texture:id=holygrass_top
texture:id=holystone
texture:id=holycobble
texture:id=holybrick
texture:id=holytallgrass
texture:id=hydrangea
texture:id=item_bamboo
texture:id=item_barley
texture:id=item_cattail
texture:id=item_highgrass
texture:id=item_moss
texture:id=leaves_acacia_fancy
texture:id=leaves_apple
texture:id=leaves_apple0_fancy
texture:id=leaves_apple1_fancy
texture:id=leaves_apple2_fancy
texture:id=leaves_apple3_fancy
texture:id=leaves_bamboo_fancy
texture:id=leaves_dark_fancy
texture:id=leaves_dead_fancy
texture:id=leaves_fir_fancy
texture:id=leaves_holy_fancy
texture:id=leaves_magic_fancy
texture:id=leaves_mangrove_fancy
texture:id=leaves_maple_fancy
texture:id=leaves_orangeautumn_fancy
texture:id=leaves_origin_fancy
texture:id=leaves_palm_fancy
texture:id=leaves_pinkcherry_fancy
texture:id=leaves_redwood_fancy
texture:id=leaves_whitecherry_fancy
texture:id=leaves_willow_fancy
texture:id=leaves_yellowautumn_fancy
texture:id=log_acacia_heart
texture:id=log_acacia_side
texture:id=log_cherry_heart
texture:id=log_cherry_side
texture:id=log_dark_heart
texture:id=log_dark_side
texture:id=log_dead_heart
texture:id=log_dead_side
texture:id=log_fir_heart
texture:id=log_fir_side
texture:id=log_holy_heart
texture:id=log_holy_side
texture:id=log_magic_heart
texture:id=log_magic_side
texture:id=log_mangrove_heart
texture:id=log_mangrove_side
texture:id=log_palm_heart
texture:id=log_palm_side
texture:id=log_redwood_heart
texture:id=log_redwood_side
texture:id=log_willow_heart
texture:id=log_willow_side
texture:id=mediumgrass
texture:id=moss
texture:id=mud
texture:id=mudbrick
texture:id=origingrass1
texture:id=origingrass2
texture:id=origingrass3
texture:id=plank_acacia
texture:id=plank_cherry
texture:id=plank_dark
texture:id=plank_fir
texture:id=plank_holy
texture:id=plank_magic
texture:id=plank_mangrove
texture:id=plank_palm
texture:id=plank_redwood
texture:id=plank_willow
texture:id=portal
texture:id=quicksand
texture:id=redbrick
texture:id=redcobble
texture:id=redrock
texture:id=sapling_acacia
texture:id=sapling_apple
texture:id=sapling_bamboo
texture:id=sapling_dark
texture:id=sapling_dead
texture:id=sapling_fir
texture:id=sapling_holy
texture:id=sapling_magic
texture:id=sapling_mangrove
texture:id=sapling_maple
texture:id=sapling_orangeautumn
texture:id=sapling_origin
texture:id=sapling_palm
texture:id=sapling_pinkcherry
texture:id=sapling_redwood
texture:id=sapling_whitecherry
texture:id=sapling_willow
texture:id=sapling_yellowautumn
texture:id=shortgrass
texture:id=smolderinggrass_bottom
texture:id=smolderinggrass_side
texture:id=smolderinggrass_top
texture:id=sprout
texture:id=swampflower
texture:id=thorn
texture:id=toadstool
texture:id=treemoss
texture:id=tulip
texture:id=violet
texture:id=wildflower
texture:id=willow

# Biomes
#  Bamboo Forest
biome:id=biome_ids/Bamboo_Forest_ID,grassColorMult=18FE564,foliageColorMult=18FE564
#  Bayou
biome:id=biome_ids/Bayou_ID,grassColorMult=18BAF6B,foliageColorMult=1BDED88,waterColorMult=FFD932
#  Blessed Bog (Promised Land)
biome:id=biome_ids/Blessed_Bog_(Promised_Land)_ID,foliageColorMult=145EFA3
#  Bog
biome:id=biome_ids/Bog_ID,grassColorMult=1746429,foliageColorMult=1919134,waterColorMult=AF9200
#  Chaparral
biome:id=biome_ids/Chaparral_ID,grassColorMult=1C0D85D
#  Cherry Blossom Grove
biome:id=biome_ids/Cherry_Blossom_Grove_ID,grassColorMult=1A3FFAA
#  Crag
biome:id=biome_ids/Crag_ID,grassColorMult=10E6A35
#  Dead Forest
biome:id=biome_ids/Dead_Forest_ID,grassColorMult=1BCA165,foliageColorMult=1BCA165
#  Dead Swamp
biome:id=biome_ids/Dead_Swamp_ID,grassColorMult=166704C,foliageColorMult=166704C,waterColorMult=A2AD51
#  Deadlands
biome:id=biome_ids/Deadlands_ID,waterColorMult=1FF0000
#  Deciduous Forest
biome:id=biome_ids/Deciduous_Forest_ID,grassColorMult=1C1B749,foliageColorMult=1C4C93A
#  Drylands
biome:id=biome_ids/Drylands_ID,grassColorMult=1CC8A6C,foliageColorMult=1CC956C
#  Fen
biome:id=biome_ids/Fen_ID,grassColorMult=1BAC481,foliageColorMult=1CEB979
#  Field
biome:id=biome_ids/Field_ID,grassColorMult=1AAB252,foliageColorMult=19FB74E
#  Frost Forest
biome:id=biome_ids/Frost_Forest_ID,grassColorMult=1ABD6BC,foliageColorMult=1ABD6BC
#  Fungi Forest
biome:id=biome_ids/Fungi_Forest_ID,grassColorMult=151C683,foliageColorMult=151C683,waterColorMult=00FF2E
#  Garden
biome:id=biome_ids/Garden_ID,grassColorMult=139C41D,foliageColorMult=151D832
#  Grassland
biome:id=biome_ids/Grassland_ID,grassColorMult=17FD87D,foliageColorMult=17FD87D
#  Grove
biome:id=biome_ids/Grove_ID,grassColorMult=17EA060,foliageColorMult=1719B55
#  Heathland
biome:id=biome_ids/Heathland_ID,grassColorMult=1CEC577,foliageColorMult=1AEC681
#  Jade Cliffs
biome:id=biome_ids/Jade_Cliffs_ID,grassColorMult=17CA568,foliageColorMult=18ACC6A
# Jungle (New)
biome:id=biome_ids/Jungle_(New)_ID,grassColorMult=14FD65A,foliageColorMult=131D83F,waterColorMult=A3F5C9
#  Majestic Meadow (Promised Land)
biome:id=biome_ids/Majestic_Meadow_(Promised_Land)_ID,foliageColorMult=1ABEA67
#  Meadow
biome:id=biome_ids/Meadow_ID,grassColorMult=163B26D,foliageColorMult=163B26D
#  Moor
biome:id=biome_ids/Moor_ID,grassColorMult=1619365,foliageColorMult=1619365,waterColorMult=588276
#  Mystic Grove
biome:id=biome_ids/Mystic_Grove_ID,grassColorMult=16AE2BC,foliageColorMult=135E090,waterColorMult=EA389A
#  Ominous Woods
biome:id=biome_ids/Ominous_Woods_ID,grassColorMult=13F4151,foliageColorMult=13F4151,waterColorMult=1E1826
#  Orchard
biome:id=biome_ids/Orchard_ID,grassColorMult=1D5FF6D,foliageColorMult=1D5FF6D
#  Origin Valley
biome:id=biome_ids/Origin_Valley_ID,grassColorMult=1A2FF5F,foliageColorMult=13AFF00
#  Pasture
biome:id=biome_ids/Pasture_ID,grassColorMult=1E8D740,foliageColorMult=1C8E84A
#  Promised Land
biome:id=biome_ids/Promised_Land_ID,foliageColorMult=145EFA3
#  Quagmire
biome:id=biome_ids/Quagmire_ID,grassColorMult=19E8B69,foliageColorMult=19E8B69,waterColorMult=CC5100
#  Rainforest
biome:id=biome_ids/Rainforest_ID,grassColorMult=11AD86C,foliageColorMult=114E26F
#  Sacred Springs
biome:id=biome_ids/Sacred_Springs_ID,grassColorMult=100995B,foliageColorMult=100995B
#  Seasonal Forest
biome:id=biome_ids/Seasonal_Forest_ID,grassColorMult=1BEC44C,foliageColorMult=1B3C442
#  Shield
biome:id=biome_ids/Shield_ID,grassColorMult=1647F38,foliageColorMult=1789643
#  Snowy Woods
biome:id=biome_ids/Snowy_Woods_ID,grassColorMult=1AA8A4E,foliageColorMult=1B5A353
#  Steppe
biome:id=biome_ids/Steppe_ID,grassColorMult=1CCAB5F,foliageColorMult=1CCAB5F
#  Swampwoods
biome:id=biome_ids/Swampwoods_ID,grassColorMult=1195639,foliageColorMult=123774F
#  Swampland (New)
biome:id=biome_ids/Swampland_(New)_ID,grassColorMult=4E0E4E,foliageColorMult=4E0E4E,waterColorMult=E0FF70
#  Temperate Rainforest
biome:id=biome_ids/Temperate_Rainforest_ID,grassColorMult=1B6D367,foliageColorMult=1B8DD63
#  Tropical Rainforest
biome:id=biome_ids/Tropical_Rainforest_ID,grassColorMult=1A7E140,foliageColorMult=188E140,waterColorMult=5DFF00
#  Tundra
biome:id=biome_ids/Tundra_ID,grassColorMult=1AA8A4E,foliageColorMult=1B5A353
#  Wasteland
biome:id=biome_ids/Wasteland_ID,grassColorMult=19DA078,foliageColorMult=1999E55,waterColorMult=E5FF00
#  Wetland
biome:id=biome_ids/Wetland_ID,grassColorMult=15A935F,foliageColorMult=14F9657,waterColorMult=636084
#  Wonderous Woods (Promised Land)
biome:id=biome_ids/Wonderous_Woods_(Promised_Land)_ID,foliageColorMult=178ED85

# Blocks

#  "Amethyst Ore ID"
block:id=Amethyst_Ore_ID,data=0,allfaces=0:amethystore,stdrot=true
#  "Bamboo ID"
block:id=Bamboo_ID,data=*,patch0-1=0:bamboo,transparency=TRANSPARENT
#  "Block of Amethyst ID"
block:id=Amethyst_Ore_ID,data=1,allfaces=0:amethystblock,stdrot=true
#  "Moss ID"
block:id=Moss_ID,patch0-4=2000:moss,transparency=TRANSPARENT
#  "Mud Bricks ID"
block:id=Mud_Bricks_ID,data=*,allfaces=0:mudbrick,stdrot=true
#  "Tree Moss ID"
block:id=Tree_Moss_ID,patch0-4=2000:treemoss,transparency=TRANSPARENT
#  "Willow ID"
block:id=Willow_ID,patch0-4=2000:willow,transparency=TRANSPARENT

# "terrain block ids"
#  "Ash Block ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Ash_Block_ID,data=*,allfaces=0:ashblock,stdrot=true
#  "Ash Stone ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Ash_Stone_ID,data=*,allfaces=0:ashstone,stdrot=true
#  "Crag Rock ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Crag_Rock_ID,data=*,allfaces=0:cragrock,stdrot=true
#  "Dried Dirt ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Dried_Dirt_ID,data=*,allfaces=0:drieddirt,stdrot=true
#  "Hard Dirt ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Hard_Dirt_ID,data=*,allfaces=0:harddirt,stdrot=true
#  "Hard Ice ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Hard_Ice_ID,data=*,allfaces=0:hardice,stdrot=true
#  "Hard Sand ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Hard_Sand_ID,data=*,allfaces=0:hardsand,stdrot=true
#  "Holy Grass ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Holy_Grass_ID,data=0,allsides=0:holygrass_side,top=1000:holygrass_top,bottom=0:holystone,stdrot=true
#  "Smoldering Grass ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Holy_Grass_ID,data=1,allsides=0:smolderinggrass_side,top=1000:smolderinggrass_top,bottom=0:smolderinggrass_bottom,stdrot=true
#  "Holy Stone ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Holy_Stone_ID,data=*,allfaces=0:holystone,stdrot=true
#  "Mud ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Mud_ID,data=0,allfaces=0:mud,stdrot=true
#  "Quicksand ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Mud_ID,data=1,allfaces=0:quicksand,stdrot=true
#  "Origin Grass ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Origin_Grass_ID,data=*,allsides=11000:origingrass2,top=0:origingrass1,bottom=0:origingrass3,stdrot=true
#  "Red Rock ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Red_Rock_ID,data=0,allfaces=0:redrock,stdrot=true
#  "Red Cobblestone ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Red_Rock_ID,data=1,allfaces=0:redcobble,stdrot=true
#  "Red Rock Bricks ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Red_Rock_ID,data=2,allfaces=0:redbrick,stdrot=true
#  "Skystone ID"
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Skystone_ID,data=0,allfaces=0:holystone,stdrot=true
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Skystone_ID,data=1,allfaces=0:holycobble,stdrot=true
block:id=terrain_block_ids/Skystone_ID,data=2,allfaces=0:holybrick,stdrot=true

# Flowers
block:id=Flower_ID,data=0,patch0=0:clover,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Flower_ID,data=1,patch0-1=0:swampflower,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Flower_ID,data=2,patch0-1=0:deadbloom,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Flower_ID,data=3,patch0-1=0:glowflower,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Flower_ID,data=4,patch0-1=0:hydrangea,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Flower_ID,data=5,patch0-1=0:daisy,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Flower_ID,data=6,patch0-1=0:tulip,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Flower_ID,data=7,patch0-1=0:wildflower,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Flower_ID,data=8,patch0-1=0:violet,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Flower_ID,data=9,patch0-1=0:anemone,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Flower_ID,data=10,patch0-1=0:toadstool,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Flower_ID,data=11,patch0-1=0:cactus,transparency=TRANSPARENT

# Foliage
block:id=Foliage_ID,data=0,patch0=15000:algae,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Foliage_ID,data=1,patch0-1=1000:shortgrass,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Foliage_ID,data=2,patch0-1=1000:mediumgrass,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Foliage_ID,data=3,patch0-1=1000:highgrassbottom,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Foliage_ID,data=4,patch0-1=1000:bush,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Foliage_ID,data=5,patch0-1=1000:sprout,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Foliage_ID,data=6,patch0-1=1000:highgrasstop,transparency=TRANSPARENT

# Fruit Leaf
block:id=Fruit_Leaf_Block_ID,data=0,data=4,data=8,data=12,allfaces=0:leaves_apple0_fancy
block:id=Fruit_Leaf_Block_ID,data=1,data=5,data=9,data=13,allfaces=0:leaves_apple1_fancy
block:id=Fruit_Leaf_Block_ID,data=2,data=6,data=10,data=14,allfaces=0:leaves_apple2_fancy
block:id=Fruit_Leaf_Block_ID,data=3,data=7,data=11,data=15,allfaces=0:leaves_apple3_fancy

# Leaf Blocks
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_1,data=0,data=8,allfaces=0:leaves_yellowautumn_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_1,data=1,data=9,allfaces=0:leaves_bamboo_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_1,data=2,data=10,allfaces=0:leaves_magic_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_1,data=3,data=11,allfaces=0:leaves_dark_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_1,data=4,data=12,allfaces=0:leaves_dead_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_1,data=5,data=13,allfaces=0:leaves_fir_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_1,data=6,data=14,allfaces=0:leaves_holy_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_1,data=7,data=15,allfaces=0:leaves_orangeautumn_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_2,data=0,data=8,allfaces=0:leaves_origin_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_2,data=1,data=9,allfaces=0:leaves_pinkcherry_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_2,data=2,data=10,allfaces=0:leaves_maple_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Leaf_Block_ID_2,data=3,data=11,allfaces=0:leaves_whitecherry_fancy,stdrot=true

# Log Blocks
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=0,allsides=0:log_acacia_side,topbottom=0:log_acacia_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=4,north=0:log_acacia_heart,south=0:log_acacia_heart,east=4000:log_acacia_side,west=4000:log_acacia_side,top=0:log_acacia_side,bottom=0:log_acacia_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=8,north=4000:log_acacia_side,south=4000:log_acacia_side,east=0:log_acacia_heart,west=0:log_acacia_heart,top=4000:log_acacia_side,bottom=4000:log_acacia_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=12,allfaces=0:log_acacia_side,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=1,allsides=0:log_cherry_side,topbottom=0:log_cherry_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=5,north=0:log_cherry_heart,south=0:log_cherry_heart,east=4000:log_cherry_side,west=4000:log_cherry_side,top=0:log_cherry_side,bottom=0:log_cherry_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=9,north=4000:log_cherry_side,south=4000:log_cherry_side,east=0:log_cherry_heart,west=0:log_cherry_heart,top=4000:log_cherry_side,bottom=4000:log_cherry_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=13,allfaces=0:log_cherry_side,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=2,allsides=0:log_dark_side,topbottom=0:log_dark_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=6,north=0:log_dark_heart,south=0:log_dark_heart,east=4000:log_dark_side,west=4000:log_dark_side,top=0:log_dark_side,bottom=0:log_dark_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=10,north=4000:log_dark_side,south=4000:log_dark_side,east=0:log_dark_heart,west=0:log_dark_heart,top=4000:log_dark_side,bottom=4000:log_dark_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=14,allfaces=0:log_dark_side,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=3,allsides=0:log_fir_side,topbottom=0:log_fir_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=7,north=0:log_fir_heart,south=0:log_fir_heart,east=4000:log_fir_side,west=4000:log_fir_side,top=0:log_fir_side,bottom=0:log_fir_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=11,north=4000:log_fir_side,south=4000:log_fir_side,east=0:log_fir_heart,west=0:log_fir_heart,top=4000:log_fir_side,bottom=4000:log_fir_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_1,data=15,allfaces=0:log_fir_side,stdrot=true

block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=0,allsides=0:log_holy_side,topbottom=0:log_holy_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=4,north=0:log_holy_heart,south=0:log_holy_heart,east=4000:log_holy_side,west=4000:log_holy_side,top=0:log_holy_side,bottom=0:log_holy_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=8,north=4000:log_holy_side,south=4000:log_holy_side,east=0:log_holy_heart,west=0:log_holy_heart,top=4000:log_holy_side,bottom=4000:log_holy_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=12,allfaces=0:log_holy_side,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=1,allsides=0:log_magic_side,topbottom=0:log_magic_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=5,north=0:log_magic_heart,south=0:log_magic_heart,east=4000:log_magic_side,west=4000:log_magic_side,top=0:log_magic_side,bottom=0:log_magic_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=9,north=4000:log_magic_side,south=4000:log_magic_side,east=0:log_magic_heart,west=0:log_magic_heart,top=4000:log_magic_side,bottom=4000:log_magic_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=13,allfaces=0:log_magic_side,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=2,allsides=0:log_mangrove_side,topbottom=0:log_mangrove_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=6,north=0:log_mangrove_heart,south=0:log_mangrove_heart,east=4000:log_mangrove_side,west=4000:log_mangrove_side,top=0:log_mangrove_side,bottom=0:log_mangrove_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=10,north=4000:log_mangrove_side,south=4000:log_mangrove_side,east=0:log_mangrove_heart,west=0:log_mangrove_heart,top=4000:log_mangrove_side,bottom=4000:log_mangrove_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=14,allfaces=0:log_mangrove_side,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=3,allsides=0:log_palm_side,topbottom=0:log_palm_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=7,north=0:log_palm_heart,south=0:log_palm_heart,east=4000:log_palm_side,west=4000:log_palm_side,top=0:log_palm_side,bottom=0:log_palm_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=11,north=4000:log_palm_side,south=4000:log_palm_side,east=0:log_palm_heart,west=0:log_palm_heart,top=4000:log_palm_side,bottom=4000:log_palm_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_2,data=15,allfaces=0:log_palm_side,stdrot=true

block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=0,allsides=0:log_redwood_side,topbottom=0:log_redwood_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=4,north=0:log_redwood_heart,south=0:log_redwood_heart,east=4000:log_redwood_side,west=4000:log_redwood_side,top=0:log_redwood_side,bottom=0:log_redwood_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=8,north=4000:log_redwood_side,south=4000:log_redwood_side,east=0:log_redwood_heart,west=0:log_redwood_heart,top=4000:log_redwood_side,bottom=4000:log_redwood_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=12,allfaces=0:log_redwood_side,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=1,allsides=0:log_willow_side,topbottom=0:log_willow_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=5,north=0:log_willow_heart,south=0:log_willow_heart,east=4000:log_willow_side,west=4000:log_willow_side,top=0:log_willow_side,bottom=0:log_willow_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=9,north=4000:log_willow_side,south=4000:log_willow_side,east=0:log_willow_heart,west=0:log_willow_heart,top=4000:log_willow_side,bottom=4000:log_willow_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=13,allfaces=0:log_willow_side,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=2,allsides=0:log_dead_side,topbottom=0:log_dead_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=6,north=0:log_dead_heart,south=0:log_dead_heart,east=4000:log_dead_side,west=4000:log_dead_side,top=0:log_dead_side,bottom=0:log_dead_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=10,north=4000:log_dead_side,south=4000:log_dead_side,east=0:log_dead_heart,west=0:log_dead_heart,top=4000:log_dead_side,bottom=4000:log_dead_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=14,allfaces=0:log_dead_side,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=3,allsides=0:bigflowerstem_side,topbottom=0:bigflowerstem_heart,stdrot=true
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=7,north=0:bigflowerstem_heart,south=0:bigflowerstem_heart,east=4000:bigflowerstem_side,west=4000:bigflowerstem_side,top=0:bigflowerstem_side,bottom=0:bigflowerstem_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=11,north=4000:bigflowerstem_side,south=4000:bigflowerstem_side,east=0:bigflowerstem_heart,west=0:bigflowerstem_heart,top=4000:bigflowerstem_side,bottom=4000:bigflowerstem_side
block:id=Log_Block_ID_3,data=15,allfaces=0:bigflowerstem_side,stdrot=true

# Plant
block:id=Plant_ID,data=0,patch0-1=0:deadgrass,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Plant_ID,data=1,patch0-1=0:desertgrass,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Plant_ID,data=2,patch0-1=0:desertsprouts,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Plant_ID,data=3,patch0-1=0:dunegrass,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Plant_ID,data=4,patch0-1=0:holytallgrass,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Plant_ID,data=5,patch0-1=0:thorn,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Plant_ID,data=6,patch0-3=0:barley,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Plant_ID,data=7,patch0-3=0:cattail,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Plant_ID,data=8,patch0-3=0:cattailtop,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Plant_ID,data=9,patch0-3=0:cattailbottom,transparency=TRANSPARENT

# Planks
block:id=Planks_ID,data=0,allfaces=0:plank_acacia,stdrot=true
block:id=Planks_ID,data=1,allfaces=0:plank_cherry,stdrot=true
block:id=Planks_ID,data=2,allfaces=0:plank_dark,stdrot=true
block:id=Planks_ID,data=3,allfaces=0:plank_fir,stdrot=true
block:id=Planks_ID,data=4,allfaces=0:plank_holy,stdrot=true
block:id=Planks_ID,data=5,allfaces=0:plank_magic,stdrot=true
block:id=Planks_ID,data=6,allfaces=0:plank_mangrove,stdrot=true
block:id=Planks_ID,data=7,allfaces=0:plank_palm,stdrot=true
block:id=Planks_ID,data=8,allfaces=0:plank_redwood,stdrot=true
block:id=Planks_ID,data=9,allfaces=0:plank_willow,stdrot=true
block:id=Planks_ID,data=10,allfaces=0:bamboothatching,stdrot=true

# Petals
block:id=Petal_ID,data=0,allfaces=0:bigflowerred,stdrot=true
block:id=Petal_ID,data=1,allfaces=0:bigfloweryellow,stdrot=true

# Colourized Saplings
block:id=Colourized_Sapling_ID,data=0,patch0-1=2000:sapling_acacia,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Colourized_Sapling_ID,data=1,data=9,patch0-1=2000:sapling_mangrove,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Colourized_Sapling_ID,data=2,data=10,patch0-1=2000:sapling_palm,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Colourized_Sapling_ID,data=3,patch0-1=2000:sapling_redwood,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Colourized_Sapling_ID,data=4,patch0-1=2000:sapling_willow,transparency=TRANSPARENT

# Saplings
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=0,patch0-1=0:sapling_apple,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=1,patch0-1=0:sapling_yellowautumn,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=2,patch0-1=0:sapling_bamboo,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=3,patch0-1=0:sapling_magic,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=4,patch0-1=0:sapling_dark,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=5,patch0-1=0:sapling_dead,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=6,patch0-1=0:sapling_fir,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=7,patch0-1=0:sapling_holy,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=8,patch0-1=0:sapling_orangeautumn,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=9,patch0-1=0:sapling_origin,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=10,patch0-1=0:sapling_pinkcherry,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=11,patch0-1=0:sapling_maple,transparency=TRANSPARENT
block:id=Sapling_ID,data=12,patch0-1=0:sapling_whitecherry,transparency=TRANSPARENT

# Colourized Leaves
block:id=Colourized_Leaves_ID,data=0,data=8,allfaces=2000:leaves_acacia_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Colourized_Leaves_ID,data=1,data=9,allfaces=2000:leaves_mangrove_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Colourized_Leaves_ID,data=2,data=10,allfaces=2000:leaves_palm_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Colourized_Leaves_ID,data=3,data=11,allfaces=2000:leaves_redwood_fancy,stdrot=true
block:id=Colourized_Leaves_ID,data=4,data=12,allfaces=2000:leaves_willow_fancy,stdrot=true

# Wooden Single Slabs
block:id=Wooden_Single_Slab_1_ID,data=0,data=8,allfaces=0:plank_acacia,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Wooden_Single_Slab_1_ID,data=1,data=9,allfaces=0:plank_cherry,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Wooden_Single_Slab_1_ID,data=2,data=10,allfaces=0:plank_dark,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Wooden_Single_Slab_1_ID,data=3,data=11,allfaces=0:plank_fir,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Wooden_Single_Slab_1_ID,data=4,data=12,allfaces=0:plank_holy,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Wooden_Single_Slab_1_ID,data=5,data=13,allfaces=0:plank_magic,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Wooden_Single_Slab_1_ID,data=6,data=14,allfaces=0:plank_mangrove,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Wooden_Single_Slab_1_ID,data=7,data=15,allfaces=0:plank_palm,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Wooden_Single_Slab_2_ID,data=0,data=8,allfaces=0:plank_redwood,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Wooden_Single_Slab_2_ID,data=1,data=9,allfaces=0:plank_willow,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT

# Wooden Double Slabs
block:id=Wooden_Double_Slab_1_ID,data=0,data=8,allfaces=0:plank_acacia,stdrot=true
block:id=Wooden_Double_Slab_1_ID,data=1,data=9,allfaces=0:plank_cherry,stdrot=true
block:id=Wooden_Double_Slab_1_ID,data=2,data=10,allfaces=0:plank_dark,stdrot=true
block:id=Wooden_Double_Slab_1_ID,data=3,data=11,allfaces=0:plank_fir,stdrot=true
block:id=Wooden_Double_Slab_1_ID,data=4,data=12,allfaces=0:plank_holy,stdrot=true
block:id=Wooden_Double_Slab_1_ID,data=5,data=13,allfaces=0:plank_magic,stdrot=true
block:id=Wooden_Double_Slab_1_ID,data=6,data=14,allfaces=0:plank_mangrove,stdrot=true
block:id=Wooden_Double_Slab_1_ID,data=7,data=15,allfaces=0:plank_palm,stdrot=true
block:id=Wooden_Double_Slab_2_ID,data=0,data=8,allfaces=0:plank_redwood,stdrot=true
block:id=Wooden_Double_Slab_2_ID,data=1,data=9,allfaces=0:plank_willow,stdrot=true

# Stairs
block:id=Acacia_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:plank_acacia,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Cherry_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:plank_cherry,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Dark_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:plank_dark,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Fir_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:plank_fir,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Holy_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:plank_holy,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Magic_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:plank_magic,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Mangrove_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:plank_mangrove,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Mud_Brick_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:mudbrick,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Palm_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:plank_palm,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Red_Brick_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:redbrick,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Red_Cobble_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:redcobble,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Redwood_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:plank_redwood,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Willow_Stairs_ID,data=*,patch0-2=0:plank_willow,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT

# Stone Double Slabs
block:id=Stone_Double_Slab_ID,data=0,data=8,allfaces=0:redcobble,stdrot=true
block:id=Stone_Double_Slab_ID,data=1,data=9,allfaces=0:redbrick,stdrot=true
block:id=Stone_Double_Slab_ID,data=2,data=10,allfaces=0:mudbrick,stdrot=true

# Stone Single Slabs
block:id=Stone_Single_Slab_ID,data=0,data=8,allfaces=0:redcobble,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Stone_Single_Slab_ID,data=1,data=9,allfaces=0:redbrick,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
block:id=Stone_Single_Slab_ID,data=2,data=10,allfaces=0:mudbrick,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT
